KEYCLOAK-17812 extend building.md (#8414)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/building.md

    java -version
    mvn -version
    git --version

**NOTE**

> For users of _Maven 3.8.1_ or newer: 
> Please add the following mirror to your local _~/.m2/settings.xml_ to avoid build errors:

Reviewer: Just a nitpick (to avoid double colon). I'd use maybe something like:
```suggestion
If you use Maven 3.8.1 or newer, please add the following mirror to your local `~/.m2/settings.xml` to avoid build errors:
```

```
<mirrors>
  <mirror>
    <id>jboss-public-repository-group-https</id>
    <mirrorOf>jboss-public-repository-group</mirrorOf>
    <name>Jboss public https</name>
    <url>https://repository.jboss.org/nexus/content/groups/public/</url>
  </mirror>
</mirrors>
```

> See this [Jira-Ticket](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/KEYCLOAK-17812) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [KEYCLOAK-17812](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/KEYCLOAK-17812) for more details.
```
